Hey
Stay put
The wedding goes on
Haha, don't worry, big brother.
My gift hasn't been delivered yet.
Nephew Li Dongjie
I'm here to congratulate my uncle and aunt
Qian Butler Li Dan
Yes, sir
Auditorium 7 Congratulations to the daughter of the Tang family
Special Offer
The following is a 10 million Ming Dynasty 8 puzzle pair
Value 8 million Cloud Ziqi Donglai Villa
A limited edition Rolls-Royce worth 30 million
And cash, hahahaha.
Or the second young master has a pattern and prospects
I just don't understand
The same father
Why are some people so useless and achieve nothing?
Auntie, don't say that
My big brother still has the ability.
Ah Shao also joked
How can he be a brick mover?
Frying noodles is also a kind of ability
Fried noodles are hard, he shows that he can endure hardship
It's me instead
It's dirty, it's hard, it's exhausting.
I can't do it.
Compared to this
He's better than me
Hard work, those inferior people will do it
Take me as an example
You should have let Aoxue and Dongjie you before
Engagement is
With Aoxue's current achievements and your status
Talented women and beautiful women join forces
How nice that is
Auntie is so old
Speak responsibly